Ma Shoufu has no agreements
We were having fun.
The richest man in Ma is that they want to bet with Zhao Ruolan
If Zhao Ruolan is innocent
Have Olympic results
Then the family knelt down
Kowtow to our whole village and apologize
And can't participate in the Olympics for life
If Zhao Ruolan really carved something
Then Zhao Ruolan
Holding the plaque of the champion of our ancestral hall
Kneel down and apologize to them
But now they've lost.
Kneel down for them and apologize to Zhao Ruolan
But now they're ready to cheat
apologize
Apologize apologize
I bah you bunch of rural mud legs
What right do we have to kneel and kowtow and apologize?
We are noble Fuso nobles
What's wrong with your leg?
Is Lao Tzu different from the countryside before?
Now Lao Tzu's hukou is still in the countryside
What's so great about the Fuso nobles?
Besides, what happened to you Fuso nobles?
Enjoy such good resource conditions
As a result, weightlifting is not as good as winning
Are you suffering from cerebral palsy or imbeciles?
Today I call the shots.
Your family must live up to its promise
Otherwise
I'm not welcome to you.